Welcome to the Ocean Studio and our
weekend edition of the Yada Yahowah blog.
I’m your host, Craig Winn.
When we sit out here,
hovered above the Caribbean Sea to bring
this program to you,
it typically means that we’re going to be
delving into the lyrics that our King,
our Savior,
the very Son of God wrote on behalf
of His Father, Yahowah.
And we shall do that very thing again
today.
Dowd is His name.
He is the Messiah.
He is the Chosen One.
He is our Shepherd.
He is the Shamaym,
the great branch that represents the Tree
of Lives that grew in the center of
the Garden.
Dowd is the man who has already lived
two of his three lives.
He was king three thousand years ago in
Israel, uniting the nation,
defending God’s people,
capturing its heart as Jerusalem,
acquiring the Temple Mount.
He wrote over one hundred verses—
Psalms and Proverbs.
One of the most prolific authors of the
ancient world, maybe the most prolific.
He was a prophet of the first order.
In his second of three lives,
he came to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
as he described in his own words.
Read the twenty-second Mizmowr Psalm,
the eighty-eighth, the hundred and third.
Read any one of the first thirty.
They all speak of it.
Read what Yahowsha‘, the great prophet,
had to say about him throughout his text.
Clearly,
Dowd is the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
He is the one who is the actual
man that the myth of Jesus was created
to rob.
He is the most interesting man in the
world.
And I hope that as we proceed,
and we are going to begin again in
the sixth psalm or Mizmowr,
that you are listening because it is Dowd
who will come back in his third of
three lives.
He is returning as our King.
Yahowah is explicit in describing this in
the Eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
probably the most important piece of
literature ever written.
It was described by Yahowah Himself on
behalf of His beloved son, Dowd.
And in it,
He says that Dowd is returning.
He will return on the Day of
Reconciliation.
That will be at sunset in Jerusalem,
the second of October,
2033.
And it will be possible because of
everything that happens
ten days before that time.
The greatest show on Earth will usher in
a remnant of Yisra’elites, even Gowym,
who will be prepared to witness his
arrival with Yahowah.
And we’re told when that occurs that Dowd
will be ‘Elyown.
He will be the very influence of Yahowah
in our presence.
And his seat of honor, his throne,
if you will,
will be as brilliant as the sun because
it is Kipurym,
it’s the Mercy Seat of the Ark of
the Covenant.
So this is what we’re working toward.
It’s just eight years from now.
And it was three thousand years ago that
Dowd scribed these words that affirm much
of what I have just shared with you.
It begins with Yahowah’s name.
Dowd is God’s beloved son.
He knew his Father’s name,
you should know it as well.
It is not difficult to pronounce.
All you need really is to be aware
of two Hebrew words and you can pronounce
it and recognize that every one of the
some eight thousand words and names and
titles throughout the Hebrew text of the
Torah,
prophets, and writings are pronounceable.
To say that there is one that isn’t
pronounceable is ludicrous,
particularly since that one is woven into
so many other names.
For example,
I mentioned the prophet Isaiah.
His actual name is Yahowsha‘.
Yahowsha‘ would be one of those that has
Yahowah’s name.
That is Mosheh’s successor.
He is the son of Nun,
the Eternal One.
Yahowsha‘ is Isaiah’s name.
Both names mean the same thing.
They just put the Ya’oh on either side
of yasha‘, which is salvation.
So it means that Yahowah saves or salvation
is from Yahowah.
But all you have to do is look
at two words: hayah.
And I say hayah because God explained to
Mosheh that His name was based on the
verb hayah.
When written in the first person, I was,
I am, and I will be.
It is hey, yowd, hey,
which therefore explains the pronunciation
of three of the four letters in Yahowah’s
name.
The only one left to deduce is the
wah,
and all you have to do is look
at the word that no one doubts its
pronunciation: Towrah.
The “oh” sound,
the vowel sound in Towrah comes from the
wah.
Even the heh at the end of Towrah
is reproduced in its spelling as well.
Towrah is written with a wah and a
heh.
And so we can also look at shalowm,
probably the most commonly repeated word
among Hebrew speakers.
The “oh” sound in shalowm is also from
the wah.
It isn’t difficult.
So Yahowah.
I just,
I’m sorry that I’m going to interrupt this
for a moment.
And among Jews,
there is a complete avoidance of Yahowah’s
name.
And this comes from the threat and the
control that rabbis have over the culture.
The greatest enemy of Jews for the past
two thousand years have been rabbis.
They are the ones who erased Yahowah’s
name.
Yahowah’s name is not found anywhere in the
Talmud, not found in the Zohar.
They’ve completely written Yahowah’s name
out of His own revelations when they
share words from the Towrah,
they replace Yahowah’s name with ‘Adonai,
which is Satan’s title.
It means the Lord.
And so the deprivation of knowing Yahowah’s
name, since it was erased by the rabbis,
is one of the greatest crimes ever
committed.
Second only to the crime of erasing
Yahowah’s name so that His people don’t
know it is disavowing
everything that Yahowah’s beloved son,
Dowd, our Savior, the Messiah and King,
represents.
Which is why so many Yisra’elites and Jews
are awaiting the arrival of a nameless
Mashyach.
Because quite frankly,
they don’t know that the returning Mashyach
is Dowd.
They do not know that Dowd fulfilled
Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in his second of three lives.
They don’t know that it is Dowd who
is returning as King.
They don’t even know the timeline.
So they’re unaware that he is going to
return on the second of October in 2033.
That’s one of the reasons why Yahowah has
asked me to speak to you.
So, Yahowah,
You consistently prove Your case through
me with pervasive and persuasive arguments
which vindicate me
and acquit through me,
thereby eliminating everything displeasing
and disagreeable.
I realize that we spent an hour in
our last program from the Ocean Studio on
this one statement.
And I can promise you,
we’re going to spend less time on it
this time.
We’re going to move on past it,
but it is so profoundly important.
So affirming of everything that I have
come to know and share that I want
to reiterate it for you.
The fact of the matter is that not
only is Yahowah God’s name,
the first person to reintroduce it after
two thousand five hundred years of it not
being spoken or known.
Here’s the man that you’re looking at now
who is speaking to you.
Yahowah refers to me as Yada.
My name is Craig Winn.
I am the author of these books that
you see off my left shoulder.
Thirty-five in total.
Twenty-five thousand pages of translations
and analysis of God’s testimony.
It has become the tree of knowledge in
our world.
So God wants you to know His name.
And it is in these books entitled
appropriately Yada Yahowah.
Yada means to know.
It is also the name that Yahowah has
chosen for me.
Yada Yahowah—to know Yahowah.
And it is essential.
You cannot return to God.
You cannot enter Heaven.
You cannot have a relationship with Him
until you know, love, appreciate,
pronounce, share, accept,
and celebrate Yahowah’s name.
the fulfillment of Pesach,
his body anyway.
He allowed his soul to go into She’owl
carrying our guilt to perfect us.
And then he fulfilled Bikuwrym,
Firstborn Children, as the Bikowr,
Firstborn Son of God.
So Dowd engaged Bikuwrym.
He was the one who wanted to work
with Yahowah.
He was the one who listened to Yahowah.
He was the one who responded
appropriately.
He was the student who became the teacher.
He was the man who did the thing
that God’s most interested in.
Yes, Dowd was not perfect.
He made mistakes.
He stumbled and he fell.
But every time he did,
he learned his lesson.
He corrected his mistake and he moved on.
He got back up.
God knew that this is a man that
He could depend on,
that He could rely on,
that He could go explore the universe with
and not be worried about.
And He knew that he would love the
experience and that they would enjoy their
time together.
You see,
God is the answer to the fall of
man.
He’s the man that stood back up to
walk with Yahowah.
And so the case is consistently proven
through Dowd.
And God provides pervasive arguments which
vindicate not only Dowd,
proving that Dowd is the very Son of
God, that he is the Chosen One,
that he is our Messiah,
that he is our King,
that he is our Savior,
that he is our Shepherd,
that he is the Tree of Lives that
was planted in the midst of that garden
long ago.
He is the one
that God vindicated.
The whole Eighty-ninth Mizmowr exists to
vindicate Dowd,
to explain that Dowd is all of these
things, and that he is returning.
But even more than that,
the single greatest discovery in human
history,
at least in the last two thousand five
hundred years,
and that’s quite a swath of time,
is that to Dowd,
David is the Messiah and Son of God,
who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
according to his own testimony in 33 CE.
Becoming our Savior.
Which means that Jesus never existed—is
nothing but a crude counterfeit.
That is how God acquits through Dowd.
Through the fulfillment of Pesach,
we have life.
Through the fulfillment of Matsah,
our guilt is removed.
Allowing us to look
ideal—to shine before our God,
be comfortable being exposed to Him.
That’s a powerful message.
I don’t think that anything anyone could
ever share with you could be as important.
And God wasn’t finished.
It says,
thereby eliminating everything displeasing
and disagreeable.
I am the first,
and I’m not bragging here by telling you
I’m the first,
I’m just trying to earn your trust in
this regard.
Because I am the first to understand these
words,
thereby eliminating everything displeasing
and disagreeable.
Dowd did this by allowing his nepesh soul,
after fulfilling Pesach with his bashar
body, to go into She’owl, which is hell,
the equivalent of a black hole,
carrying our guilt in the manner described
in Yahowsha‘, Isaiah 53,
to deposit it in She’owl,
such that it is never seen again,
thereby making us not guilty.
Everything about us that was seen as
displeasing and disagreeable is gone when
we accept the gift that Dowd provided
through Yahowah of Matsah.
All antagonism is gone.
Your instructions, he said,
enable me to be correct.
This is the thing that is most important
for you to know about the most interesting
man in the world.
God was right.
And by being right with God,
he is the one who can instruct us
to be right with God.
So it is God’s instruction through the
Towrah that enabled Dowd to be right,
to be correct.
But it is Dowd’s understanding and
acceptance of these things that caused him
to be right.
And this is your willingness to improve
me, to teach me, to guide me,
to train me,
and even provide discipline for me,
make me stronger, strengthening me.
And this is the message the world needs
to hear.
You see, even with Dowd,
the most important man in the world,
the one man that God said,
“He is My son, I am his Father.”
The one man whom Yahowah anointed as the
Mashyach three times.
The one man that God said he’s coming
back as ‘Elyown, as My influence,
the totality of My influence.
A man who said that his seat of
honor will be as brilliant as the sun.
He did not, with Dowd,
even with all of those accolades.
That’s the greatest résumé, obviously,
in human history.
Dowd, though,
did not start with full knowledge of God.
He did not start by being right about
everything.
He learned.
He made corrections along the way.
He improved.
God guided him, even God
allowed him to fall and to fail because
that was part of Dowd developing a sense
of discipline, a sense of being reliable.
Because you don’t build character,
you don’t build resolve,
you don’t develop confidence unless you
have failed, unless you have fallen,
unless you have made a mistake and you
recover from it.
This is an essential aspect of what God
is intending.
And I know what I’m telling you now
is the antithesis of everything you’ve
ever heard in religion.
And that’s good because God hates
religion.
What He is inviting you to participate in,
what He enjoyed with Dowd,
is a relationship.
And He engages in this relationship as He
did with Dowd.
He was Father.
Dowd was son.
Then he concludes this first statement and
what is Mizmowr Psalm 6:1 with,
and You are never overly protective nor
antagonistic.
With ‘Adam,
the reason that relationship failed—and it
failed miserably—
is God who caused the fall of
man because He was bored out of His
mind with ‘Adam and realized there was no
way to improve the situation.
‘Adam was boring.
He didn’t work.
He didn’t listen.
He wasn’t responsible.
None of that.
And the problem was he was too coddled.
Everything in the garden was perfect.
There was plenty of food.
Perfect shelter.
Comfy.
Good company.
Everything was there that you could
possibly want.
Direct line of communication with God.
Nothing harmful.
Everything wonderful.
But in that kind of environment,
you can’t be interesting.
You can’t prove that you’re reliable or
dependable or you can’t grow.
You just have no way to become interesting
unless you somewhere find it in yourself
to have this resolve to work,
to try to improve things.
And he didn’t.
And he was too
protected to develop in that environment,
which is why God called the fall and
says,
“Now you’re going to have a chance to
grow up.
Six thousand years from now,
we’re going to make this work.”
Three thousand years,
He gave us the example of Dowd.
We’re six thousand years later now.
God cannot be overly protective.
People have to die.
They have to fail.
There has to be heartache.
For
humankind to appreciate what God has
endured with us,
there must be fractures in the family.
He’s dealt with a fractured family from
the very beginning.
And it’s only gotten worse with time.
Yisra’el has been the most malignant child
in the history of embittered children.
That is going to come to a conclusion
with a
much better result here within less than
eight years.
But right now,
they are still antagonistic.
And what Dowd realizes is that God had
to allow him to fail.
He made mistakes.
He can’t be overly protective.
If you’re overly protective as a parent
with your child,
your child will have no character,
no resolve,
no ability to
I think.
Yeah, we’re done.
I’m ending it.
NOTE: Cleaned and proofread on 2025-12-10